Update index.md (#9037)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/transactions/index.md

- `value` – amount of ETH to transfer from sender to recipient (in WEI, a denomination of ETH)
- `data` – optional field to include arbitrary data
- `gasLimit` – the maximum amount of gas units that can be consumed by the transaction. Units of gas represent computational steps

> - `maxPriorityFeePerGas` - the maximum price of the consumed gas to be included as a tip to the validator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `maxPriorityFeePerGas` - the maximum priority fee per unit of gas for the transaction. This is included as a tip to the validator
```

> - `maxFeePerGas` - the maximum price of the consumed gas willing to be paid for the transaction (inclusive of `baseFeePerGas` and `maxPriorityFeePerGas`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `maxFeePerGas` - the maximum fee per unit of gas willing to be paid for the transaction (inclusive of `baseFeePerGas` and `maxPriorityFeePerGas`)
```
